```ruby
# Example 2
def question(string)
  string += '?'
  string.downcase!
end

example_string = 'Today is Monday'

question(example_string)

puts example_string
```
On line 6, a local variable `example_string` is initialized to point to the string object `'Today is Monday'`.

On line 8, the method `question` is called with the string object that `example_string` points to as an argument.

(On line 8, the method `question` is called and the string object referenced by `example_string` is passed in as argument.)

The method `question` is defined from line 1 to 4. `string` is the method parameter and now points to the string object `'Today is Monday'`.

(The method `question` is defined on line 1 to 4. The string object passed in as argument is bound to the method parameter `string`. `string` now points to `'Today is Monday'`.)

On line 2, the non-mutating method `+` is called on the string object that `string` references with an argument `'?'`. `+` concatenates the two strings and returns a new string, `'Today is Monday?'`. `string` is then reassigned this return value, now pointing to a different string object.

(On line 2, the method `+` is called on the string object referenced by `string` with another string object, `'?'`, passed in as argument. `'+'` concatenates the two strings and returns a new string, `'Today is Monday?'`. `string` is then reassigned to reference this return value, which is a different string object.)

On line 3, the mutating method `downcase!` is called on the string object that `string` points to. `downcase!` mutates the string and turns all of its letters lowercase. Now `string` points to `'today is monday?'`. Because line 3 is the last evaluated expression in the method definition, `'today is monday?'` is implicitly returned as the return value of `question(example_string)`.

(On line 3, the mutating method `downcase!` is called on the string object referenced by `string`. `downcase!` mutates the string by converting all of its letters lowercase. After the mutation, `string` now references `'today is monday?'`.)

(Because line 3 is the last evaluated expression in the method, `'today is monday?'` is implicitly returned by the method call.)

On line 10, the method `puts` is called with the string object that `example_string` points to as an argument. Line 10 outputs `Today is Monday` on the console. This is the final printed value because the method call on line 8 did not mutate the string object that `example_string` points to due to the method parameter `string` was reassigned a new string on line 2.

(On line 10, the method `puts` is called with the string object referenced by `example_string` as argument. Line 10 prints `'Today is Monday'` on the console. This is the final printed value because the method call on line 8 never mutated the string object referenced by `example_string`, which was in turn due to the method parameter being reassigned to a different string object on line 2.)

This example illustrates the concept of pass by value, because the method call `question(example_string)` acts as if Ruby is pass by value since it did not alter the object that was passed in as argument. This example also illustrates non-mutating and mutating methods.