## What is the output of this Ruby code? Explain in detail what is going on. What concepts does the code demonstrate?
```ruby
counter = 1

while counter <= 3 do
  multiplier = 2
  counter *= multiplier
end

puts counter
puts multiplier
```
### My Answer
The output is:
```
4
2
```
On line 1, a local variable `counter` is initialized to the interger `1`. On line 3, a while loop is created with a condition of `counter` being less than or equal to `3`. Within the while loop, a local variable `multiplier` is initialized to the integer `2` on line 4. On the next line, the variable `counter` is reassigned to the product of itself and `multiplier`. Now, outside of the while loop, the method `puts` is invoked with `counter` as the argument on line 8. On line 9, the method `puts` is called again with `multiplier` the argument.

The code within the while loop was executed twice. In the first iteration, the variable `counter` pointed to `1`, and was then reassigned to `2` on line 5. In the second iteration, `counter` pointed to `2` and was then reassigned to `4` after line 5. Now that `counter` was larger than `3`, the while loop condition no longer evaluated to `true`, so execution moved on to line 8.

The code demonstrates two main concepts: 
1. How while loops function in Ruby;
2. Ruby's scoping rules: `while` is a keyword in Ruby, not a method. Therefore, it does not create its own scope. When `puts` is invoked with `multiplier` on line 9, `2` is output eventhough the variable `multiplier` was initiated within a while loop. Had `while` been a method, `multiplier` would not have been able to be accessed on line 9.

## Analyze the output of this Ruby code. Explain in detail how you arrived at your answer.
```ruby
info = { name: 'Alice', age: 30, active: true }

def update_info(info)
  info[:age] += 1
  info[:active] = false if info[:age] > 30
end

update_info(info)
puts "Age: #{info[:age]}, Active: #{info[:active]}"
```
### My Answer
A local variable `info` is intialized on line 1 to a hash. The hash has three key-value pairs: The symbol `:name` is associated with the string `Alice`; `:age` with the integer `30`; and `:active` with the boolean value `true`. On line 8, the method `update_info` is invoked with the value assigned to `info` passed as an argument. The method `update_info` is defined on lines 3 to 6 and takes a parameter `info`. Since the method was invoked with the local variable `info` as an argument, the parameter `info` references the value assigned to the local variable `info`, which is the hash laid out on line 1.

On line 4, the `:age` key of the hash is reassigned the result of its current associated value plus `1`, so `:age` now points to `31`. On line 5, the `:active` key is only reassigned to `false` if `:age` points to an integer larger than `30`. With `:age` now pointing to `31`, the condition evaluates to `true`, so `:active` is reassigned to `false`. This concludes the `update_info` method call.

On line 9, the method `puts` is invoked with a string that contains two interpolations. The first interpolation, `#{info[:age]}`, returns a string of `"31"`. The second interpolation, `#{info[:active]}` returns a string of `false`. Therefore, `Age: 31, Active: false` is output.

## Provide 2 code snippets. One demonstrates pass-by-reference while the other pass-by-value. Explain your code snippets

### My Answer
```ruby
# Code Snippet 1: Pass-by-Reference
a = 'hi'
b = a
a = 'hello'

puts a # Output: hello
puts b # Output: hi
```
On line 1, the variable `a` is initialized with a string `'hi'`. On line 2, the variable `b` is initialized with the reference to the value that `a` points to, which is `hi`. On line 3, `a` is reassigned to `'hello'`. On line 5, the method `puts` is called with the value that `a` now points to; the output is `hello`. On line 6, the method `puts` is called with the value that `b` now points to; the output is `hi`.

This code demonstrats pass-by-reference by showing that `b` still points to `hi` even though it was intialized with the value that `a` originally pointed to, which remained the same even after `a` was reassigned to `hello`. Instead of the value that `a` contained, what was actually assigned to `b` when it was created was the reference to `'hi'`.

### Answer by Elise
```ruby
# Example 1
def pass_by_reference(str)
  str << 'ing'
end

str_one = 'test'

pass_by_reference(str_one)
puts str_one
```
```ruby
# Example 2
def pass_by_value(str)
  str = 'testing'
end

str_two = 'test'

pass_by_value(str_two)
puts str_two
```

## What is output by the last 2 lines of code? What concept does the code demonstrate?
```ruby
a = ["foo", "bar", "baz"]
b = a
c = b[0]         # c points to "foo"

p b[0].object_id
p b[0].object_id
p b[0].object_id

a[0].upcase!     # a points to ["FOO", "BAR", "BAZ"]

c[0].downcase!
# c[0] is b[0][0], which is "F" (before downcase!)
# After downcase!, "f" is returned
# The hash remains the same after downcase! because when [] is called on a string, it returns a new string!

p c[0].object_id
p c[0].object_id
p c[0].object_id

p c # Output: 
p b # Ouput: ["FOO", "BAR", "BAZ"]
```